README.md, before:

# LaTeX Templates

A collection of **sane LaTeX templates** to focus more on content rather than formatting.

This repository includes **three templates** that differ in the following properties:

| Property            | `article.tex` | `assignment.tex` | `blank.tex` |
| ------------------- | :-----------: | :--------------: | :---------: |
| Info in page header |               | ✅               |             |
| Info in title page  | ✅            |                  |             |
| Page numbering      | ✅            | ✅               |             |
| Section Numbering   | ✅            |                  |             |

You can also choose between the **following variants**, which only **differ in the fonts**:

- [Default LaTeX](./templates/default/)
- [IBM Plex](./templates/ibm-plex/)

⚠️ **Note:** The templates that use the **IBM Plex** fonts must be compiled with **XeLaTeX** or **LuaLaTeX**.

## License

Copyright © 2024-2025 Josias Beem

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the `LICENSE` file for details.

Commit message:

add block paragraphs and indented paragraphs to table, change IBM Plex to TeX Gyre

README.md, after:

# LaTeX Templates

A collection of **sane LaTeX templates** to focus more on content rather than formatting.

This repository includes **three templates** that differ in the following properties:

| Property            | `article.tex` | `assignment.tex` | `blank.tex` |
| ------------------- | :-----------: | :--------------: | :---------: |
| Block paragraphs    |               | ✅               | ✅          |
| Indented paragraphs | ✅            |                  |             |
| Info in page header |               | ✅               |             |
| Info in title page  | ✅            |                  |             |
| Page numbering      | ✅            | ✅               |             |
| Section Numbering   | ✅            |                  |             |

You can also choose between the **following variants**, which only **differ in the fonts**:

- [Default LaTeX](./templates/default/)
- [TeX Gyre](./templates/tex-gyre/)

⚠️ **Note:** The templates that use the **TeX Gyre** fonts must be compiled with **XeLaTeX** or **LuaLaTeX**.

## License

Copyright © 2024-2025 Josias Beem

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the `LICENSE` file for details.
